HIFIBarcode V1.0 (201707)

##DESCRIPTION
HIFIBarcode is used to produce full-length COI barcodes from pooled PCR
amplicons generated by individual specimens.

##INSTALLATION
```bash
$ tar -zxvf HIFIBarcode.v1.0.tar.gz
```

##Source code
####(1) Wrappper script:
HIFIBarcode.v1.0.pl: the wrapper script to run other Perl scripts to do the work you choose.
	
####(2) Main scripts:
Seven Perl scripts in folder HIDIBarcode.V1.0/bin/, including:
<p>1_split_extract.pl</p>
<p>2_uniqu_sort_cluster.Pro.pl</p>
<p>3_sep_extract_overlap.pl</p>
<p>4_cluster_fromend.pl</p>
<p>5_forgap_filling.pl</p>
<p>6_rename_kmer.pl</p>
<p>7_final.pl</p>
####(3) Published softwares:
>USEARCH 5.1.221. Edgar, Robert C. "Search and clustering orders of magnitude faster than BLAST." Bioinformatics 26.19 (2010): 2460-2461.

>COPE CMR v1.0.3. Liu, Binghang, et al. "COPE: an accurate k-mer-based pair-end reads connection tool to facilitate genome assembly." Bioinformatics 28.22 (2012): 2870-2874.

>SOAPBarcode. Liu, Shanlin, et al. "SOAPBarcode: revealing arthropod biodiversity through assembly of Illumina shotgun sequences of PCR amplicons." Methods in Ecology and Evolution 4.12 (2013): 1142-1150.

##Pre-requisites
PERL v5

##EXAMPLES
1: run wrapper script to get shell text and then sh runHIFIBarcode.sh to run HIFIBarcode
```bash
$ perl HIFIBarcode.v1.0.pl  --fq1 test_1.fq --fq2 test_2.fq --index index_primer.txt  --length 5 --cpunum 10 --outdir test  --outpre testout
$	sh test/runHIFIBarcode.sh
```

##CONTACT US

Email:
liushanlin at genomics dot cn
zhouchengran at genomics dot cn

##CITATION
Liu, Yang, Zhou, Zhou.(2017). Filling reference gaps via assembling DNA barcodes using high-throughput sequencing - moving toward to barcoding the world. Unpublished.

##LATEST RELEASE
Version 1.0 201707

##Copyright
This package is released under version 3 of the GNU General Public License (GPLv3). Please refer to https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html.
